Common FAQ's regarding INFY/INFOSYS
***********************************

Hi guys, Rajiv again . And pls dont call me Sir. I was born only in
1984. So jus call me Rajiv. Thank you guys for your congrats and
your good wishes. I have got a lot of friends.
I had posted a post called the 10 days guide to cracking the infy
test . I have got a huge response for that. Many of your doubts are
the same. I will post a list of the commonly present questions and
thier answers here.
Before that do keep these points in mind......

I am not a recruiting guy, so pls do not send me resumes.I myself
just finished my engg in May 2005. I will not be able to help you as
i myself must join my training only on july 25th.I will be available
only till July 25th 2005. I put the post to provide you with a
schedule to study for Infy. Pls do not send me mails regarding
schedule issues or regarding the infy criteria......Pls reead my
posts for that ..........

posts are : Common FAQ's regarding INFY/INFOSYS
            10 Days guide to Cracking the Infy/Infosys Test

About previous papers you can get them from the same group by
searching for Infosys papers in the search box . All papers in the
older posts will be available. You can also check out
KoolKampus.com, Freshersworld.com and other such sites.

Now for the FAQ's :

1.) Criteria for joining Infy ?
       From what I Gather, Infy looks for ppl with consistent
record. The basic is 60 in 10th and 12th and abt the engg one, I am
not sure...........68%.Nothing is specified abt marks .But Think
they do consider that . But you could try anyway .

2.) How to register ?
       Refer The Hindu on May 25th 2005 , The opportunities
section . Anyway for your reference I have given the basic stuff
here.
           a.) Should not have participated in Infy selection
process in last 9 months
           b.) Those who sent already need not send again
           c.) If our B.E/B.Tech in Computers, Information System,
Information Technology or an M.C.A with graduation in Maths,
Statistics, Physics or Computer Science, the Job Code is SWT-01
           d.) If any other the Job Code is SWT-02
           e.) resume shoudl include your Date of Birth, percenatge
and other details of 10th, 12th and degree, email id for
communication.
           f.) Subject of mail shoudl be Job code - Preferred
Location of test (e.g.: SWT-01-Chennai)
           g.) Send to freshers@infosys.com

Alternatively, in acse you havent got your call after his then try
registering at their site itself under the career tags. Am not sure
but abt that route.

3.) Any references ?
         Register only thru email. No references needed. email
details given in previous question .

4.) Do you need languages for Infy ?
         No technical round in Infy. YOu dont need to know any
technical questiosn or answers.

5.) Infy selection Process
         There are just two rounds. The main Puzlle round with
exactly ten puzzles of 50 marks total. Then thr is an english round
of 45 questions in 30 mins. English is considered only if you get
the cut-off in the puzzles. The cut off i am not sure. But i got 42
out of 50 . Anything above 36 seems to be okay. But the cut-off
depends on the genral crowd's cut-off and the number of people
needed.

6.) abt 8 marks questions
         These are very very important and you can have a feel of
theses questions from R.S agarwal's Verbal Reasoning , under the
chapter Puzzle Test. Advanced versions of this type are in Puzzles
and Teasers by George Sammers . But i suggest You complete both
these books . The second part og George Sammers mite be tought. R.S
Agarwal's book clearly states the method to wokr out the big sums. A
must read.

7.) Interview Puzzles ?
        Interview is only abt your confidence , your honesty,
simplicity and you communication skills. There may also be few
puzzles in the Interview. I will post them too in the next post i
post . Watch out for Infy Interview Puzzles .

8.) Links for papers :
        KoolKampus.com, Freshersworld.com, Fresherstreet.com,
Techinterviews.com, Papers4placement.com, this group itself( search
among messages for infosys papers).

9.) abt experienced ?
        I am not sure abt the infy test for experienced candidates. 
Pls do check up with soemone in the company .

10.) abt R.S Agarwal ?
        R.s Agarwal , thr are two books i have said. The verbal
reasoning one, just chapters - Puzzle test and Ranking , Sequence
are enuf. The quantitative one you just need to cover few topics
like time n wokr, time n dist, trains, pipes, boats. Check my
first post- 10 days guide thoroughly.

11.) abt infy tests ?
        Infy conducts test every two weeks. There were tets , two in
may , two in june and the last one on July 3rd. Next one maybe in
two weeks time. They recruit atleast till septembe i am told. So
dont lose heart . Once you get the call , its enuf if u start
preparing then. But incase you do do wanna start rite away, Then pls
do go ahead.

12.) Time to get infy letter.
         YOu will get you infy hall ticket atleast 10 days b4 the
test. Then the results would come two to four weeks after you
interview. Test results come on the same day evening.Interview would
be the next day itself.

13.) cut-off ?
         Depends on the general cut-off they fix depending on the
crowd, thier need, the paper and other factors. Thr is nothing like
upper limit. I suggest you aim for atleast 38 or 40. Solve all the
big questions. This gets you a bonus for sure .

14.) abt rejection ?
         I am not sure how they tell u if u dotn get after ur
interview. But if you communication is good and u have confidence,
then most probably you would get it. Infy interview is mostly a walk
thru process.

15.) Abt help ?
         I will be able to help only till 20th cos i am leaving to
Mysore on the 23rd and need to prepare for it. I will be able to
tell u where certain puzzles are, i will post some interview
questions. Check some old papers for some solved puzzles.

*********************************************************************
Hope i am off help to ou all. I have made a lot of Friends thru my
post. I am looking for some new friends to show me ard blore once i
am thr. SO in case u wanna be my friend, pls do drop by a line at my
yahoo id. Take care and ready to Help.

with luv , Rajiv


