Hi,
I am Janakiraman doing final year production engg in
NIT-Surat.CTS came to our college two days before and
took 16 people mostly from tronics.The paper was very
tough and comprised of five sections over span of 60
minutes

section I
a question will be given from lists with some
conditions. like L(a,b,c) is a list and the value of
the list is the remaining elements in it except the
first element.But if the list is L(a,(b,c))then it is
called a list in a list and sme condiions are put
forward for that.IT IS VERY TOUGH AND IT IS ADVISABLE
TO ATTEMPT IT AT LAST.

SECTION II
This also comprises similar type of ques.But with some
ease.like xGyD  is a word then xGGyGGo ia also a valid
word and so find the number of valid words in the
given set.Question may seem to be easy but very
difficult if u attempt.It is very difficult the answer
the first two sections.
SEction III
Consista of dominoes and essentially deals with
numbers
and this is also tough.NO aptitude.Some arrangement in
a matrix of numbers.

section IV
Consists of anagrams and SOLVE THIS FIRST these can
fetch you marks easily.ababab coded to bababa then
what is cacaca coded to......?same type only.

Section V
Words>U have to fill the words and find the
corresponding meanings from theanswer.It was easy.IF u
prepare for GRE.

THe first mark was 20 out of 40.There is 1 mark for
each question with a negative marking of O.25
Interview nothing special.Only puzzle solving and
basic technical.

ALL THE BEST.
JANAKIRAMAN






shiv_kabra@indiatimes.com 
